Limit remote cube access based on IP (#3486)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Cloud_Platform/CloudAdminApp/Controlling_remote_access.md

1. Toggle the *Remote Access* settings to *On* or *Off*, depending on whether you want this to be enabled or not.

   If the main *Remote Access* setting is enabled, the following settings are also available:

   - *DataMiner Cube (desktop app)*: Enable or disable remote access to the DataMiner System(s) via the desktop app.

>    - *Remote Cube allowed IPs*: Only available if the *DataMiner Cube (desktop app)* setting is enabled. This setting allows you to restrict access to the DMS based on specified IP addresses.

Author: ```suggestion
   - *Restict by IP address*: Only available if the *DataMiner Cube (desktop app)* setting is enabled. This setting allows you to restrict remote access to the DMS via the desktop app based on the specified client public IP addresses.
   > [!NOTE]
   > Only public IP addresses can be specified
```

Author: ideally add a tab to indicate this is a sub setting of "DataMiner Cube (desktop app)"

     When enabled, click the *Manage* button to access the list of IP addresses permitted for remote access to the DMS.

>      ![Managing IP addresses](~/user-guide/images/Managing_IP_Addresses.png)

Author: Cut the image to the popup? because the setting name on the left is outdated already and new settings will be added in the future either

1. Toggle the *Remote Access* settings to *On* or *Off*, depending on whether you want this to be enabled or not.

   If the main *Remote Access* setting is enabled, the following settings are also available:

   - *DataMiner Cube (desktop app)*: Enable or disable remote access to the DataMiner System(s) via the desktop app.

     - *Restrict by IP address*<!--RN number will be added here-->: Only available if the *DataMiner Cube (desktop app)* setting is enabled. This setting allows you to restrict remote access to the DMS via the desktop app based on the specified client public IP addresses.

     When enabled, click the *Manage* button to access the list of IP addresses permitted for remote access to the DMS.

     ![Managing IP addresses](~/user-guide/images/Managing_IP_Addresses.png)

     > [!NOTE]

>      > Only public IP addresses can be added to the list of trusted IP addresses.

Author: ```suggestion
     > Only public IP addresses can be added to the list of allowed IP addresses.
``` (in sync with the ui?)

1. Toggle the *Remote Access* settings to *On* or *Off*, depending on whether you want this to be enabled or not.

   If the main *Remote Access* setting is enabled, the following settings are also available:

   - *DataMiner Cube (desktop app)*: Enable or disable remote access to the DataMiner System(s) via the desktop app.

>      - *Restrict by IP address*<!--RN number will be added here-->: Only available if the *DataMiner Cube (desktop app)* setting is enabled. This setting allows you to restrict remote access to the DMS via the desktop app based on the specified client public IP addresses.

Author: ```suggestion
     - *Restrict by IP address*<!--RN 40288-->: Only available if the *DataMiner Cube (desktop app)* setting is enabled. This setting allows you to restrict remote access to the DMS via the desktop app based on the specified client public IP addresses.
```
